feat: enhance `Set-NsxtManagerAuthPolicy` for `hash_algorithm` (#271)
vmware-samples/power-validated-solutions-for-cloud-foundation: CHANGELOG.md

- Enhanced `Set-NsxtManagerAuthPolicy` to handle password complexity parameters for NSX 4.x.
- Enhanced `Get-LocalPasswordComplexity` to handle VMware Cloud Foundation version parameter.
- Enhanced `Get-LocalAccountLockout` to handle VMware Cloud Foundation version parameter.

> - Enhanced `Set-NsxtManagerAuthPolicy` cmdlet to handle `hash_algorithm` parameter for VCF5.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhanced `Set-NsxtManagerAuthPolicy` cmdlet to handle `hash_algorithm` parameter for NSX 4.x.
```
